big news right now in the economy and
the stock market we are going to look at
what's happening with fragility and I'm
going to bring that in with what it
means to you you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today's
video is all about fragility an
important topic something I've been
discussing since 2011 and there's
different metrics for this we're going
to cover some of those today I want to
show you what's happening with the real
economy though because the stock market
in the economy yeah it's not the same
we're going to cover all of that first
this fears of massive crash on Wall
Street after America's top 50 companies
see record levels of fragility and so
that doesn't necessarily mean that it's
going to crash and it doesn't
necessarily mean that tomorrow is going
to be the end of the world but you got
to understand this because this is the
time in which you will take action or
refrain from it and of course we need to
pay attention to all of this now Bank of
America saying stock fragility on track
to reach its highest level in more than
three decades among the largest 50
stocks in the S&P 500 what that means is
the the swings that these stocks have
had is generally much larger than the
normal swing so if every day it's moving
by let's say half a percent or a percent
and this time it would be triple that
and so this is going on with this other
article as well measure of a company's
daily share price move relative to its
recent volatility it's at highest more
than 30 years so just to give you a
little bit of context as to what's been
happening recently yes the stock market
is near all-time highs everybody in my
finance Friday knows that I have an
indication of when the stock market will
move greater than 20% down and I've been
saying over and over and over again that
that is not yet the case the broad
Market that is individual stocks
absolutely can uh but it's hard to do
that here on these videos I've been
making less and less videos as time goes
on because um you know it's all about
the finance Friday it's all about
getting into the depth of it and people
need to First Watch The Compass program
that I have free for people they need to
watch the you know the ecourse that I
have that's free for people without that
information it's hard to get that I see
that you know there's a lot of stupid
comments that I'll see you know you said
this is going to happen you said that's
going to happen actually no I predicted
um a lot of what has happened including
the absolute bottom of the stock market
but hey if you see some of those
comments let's have fun with those ones
why dealers are flying Gold Bars by
plane from London to New York Tera fears
push JP Morgan and others to stash
Boolean on passenger planes to sell at
record prices there's different things
going on here I've been tracking the
gold purchases and a lot lot of the gold
is actually getting you know
repatriated a lot of the gold is
actually getting put into physical
precious metals usually a lot of it it
never they never take actual physical
possessions so you're buying Futures and
then they never take physical possession
but now there's a record amount of
physical possession being taken to the
levels we haven't seen since 2020 when
everybody was scared and everybody
wanted some gold this is a very big
indication because the big investors not
you and I the big investment companies
they hate gold not only do they not like
to invest in gold they actually hate
gold and so seeing them purchase it is
unbelievable okay we're also getting a
lot of emerging markets that are
purchasing the gold too banks close more
than 100 branches in 3 weeks as closure
blood bath continues in 2025 it's not
just the major Bank but of course we're
seeing a lot of store closures happening
in general retail there's too much of it
doesn't need to be this much of it
you're going to do a lot of that work
online you're going to be doing working
from home in hybrid fashion although
there's a lot that is coming back home
but you got to understand the way that
things are happening a lot of retail is
just
unnecessary as buyers fail to show up
more homes are being pulled from sale so
the prices are still super elevated uh
historically but what they they're
saying here is that you know the the
market is very stagnant why because in
the United States mortgage rates at
around 7.5% is very high in addition to
the prices being super high so you have
to take the two things into account
there prices plus so yeah interest rates
at 7.5 is not that intense but add on
the fact that we are looking at super
high prices it's a bigger burden than
what people are used to in addition you
have people in debt credit card debt
auto loans like things we haven't seen
in a very long time I actually covered a
lot of that on on the Friday uh session
us retail sales post biggest drop in
nearly two years amid winter freeze they
they blamed it on the the cold they
blamed it on the fires in Los
Angeles what else are you going to blame
it on it's not that is it maybe that
nobody wants to pay $25 for breakfast us
restaurants are cracking under inflation
it's not just eggs but coffee orange
juice bacon making life especially hard
for diners bakeries and brunch spots
it's not just that it's everywhere
everywhere you go the prices are
extremely high and then what do they do
they add on top of all these things fees
this fees that fees you can't do it
anymore and you're getting your back
broken and so you spend ultimately spend
less that's what's going on here today
there is a level at which there's a
ceiling at which people just say I can't
I can't it doesn't mean that they won't
go out to eat it doesn't mean that they
won't buy junk food or whatever it just
means that they can't do it as much as
they did before and that's when you have
a weak economy you want people to be
going out and spending and having fun
and you know going all all the different
services and all these things because
that keeps the economy going but when
one thing happens that's like a domino
effect why there is no relief ahead for
used car prices uh Factory disruptions 3
years ago are coming back to haunt the
auto market they have they will not stop
using this excuse well you know we have
to have people stand six feet apart from
each other so therefore three years down
the road uh you know you got a problem
come on it's
ridiculous ridiculous this is absolutely
nothing but taking advantage of the
people these vehicles they tell you oh
there's no margin on these vehicles and
so on but you know let's be honest come
on Bandits new demand in Brazil and over
the OIC so apparently it's a hot
commodity and when you know like just
like eggs were now um stolen in the
United States when something becomes
attractive it's going to you know have a
black market surrounding it okay now the
most important you stay the most
important two things of this video right
here number one the FED funds rate
everything is relying on the main
interest rate of the United States which
is still significantly higher than many
other places around the world yields
bond yields are very high as well what
does that do that keeps interest rates
on things like mortgages High what does
that do well that has an impact on the
economy as a whole how many total sales
there will be how many houses trade
hands think about all the transactions
all the things okay the real estate guy
is not getting his cut the mortgage
broker is not getting their cut the
renovation guys probably not going to do
anything because new you know when you
move into a new home maybe you oh we'll
fix this we'll fix that none of that is
happening that is a domino effect I hope
you get it on the money GPS we don't
just go one level we don't just like
look there there's a more there's more
to it we have to wait into the end of
the video okay because it has to come
full circle um it's not a shallow this
is not a shallow Chann okay I'd rather
not make videos if I have to make U
simple whatever meet Kevin garbage look
at this the interest rate if you look at
this it is still above 4% right now and
when we see what's happening with this
it has an impact on everything else
everything else globally and what else
needs to be discussed is this is the
velocity of the M2 money stock as it was
coming down in 20 20 this drop off here
how many videos oh my God it's the end
of the world and the entire time I was
saying no no no no that's not true
that's not true that's not true and
subscribers were just like f you buddy
I'm out of here and what happened did we
experience a deflation or did we
experience inflation during this period
of time it was inflation and what was I
saying over and over and over and over
again inflation inflation inflation but
the velocity of money was going down
I was correct on this because I was
willing to be
unliked because there's other other
individuals out there Snider and
whatever all these other people that
will talk about this deflation and
certainly we could have a deflation but
over these past several years have we
seen any deflation have we please let me
know where that deflation is maybe in
wages but it's ridiculous it's
ridiculous that these people can get
away with lying to you okay now what's
happening is is going back up it's a
temporary circumstance right here with
this drop off and you got to factor in
the fact that they pumped in so much
cash left right and Center that of
course um you know you're going to have
these periods of time where nobody's
spending the money and all these things
okay what can we do about it number one
thing I want to let you know about the
finance Friday giveaway Finance Friday
giveaway Link in the description if you
could make it you will get to join into
the finance Friday um on this Friday it
will be this Friday you can get in and
it'll be free for you okay I want you to
see what it's all about you just got to
join the giveaway if you've already
joined the giveaway from before that's
cool no problem okay it's it's not a big
deal you can apply every single time
totally free click that link in the
description and make sure you use a real
email address by the way because I have
to email you to let you know you won so
don't use a fake email a lot of people I
I email them they don't even reply um so
that's that I hope you can get on into
that now understand something you have
to get skilled up you got to be able to
adapt and and and you know they say the
word pivot but you got to be able to
deal with the new things that are coming
in robots are coming in to disrupt
everybody AI is coming in to disrupt
everybody is it this year is and next
year is at 10 years I don't know when
exactly but I know that the companies
are willing to invest billions and
billions and billions and do you want to
be on the right side of that equation or
the wrong side so you decide what you
like and what you're interested in and
all these things but your income better
be sourced from different places around
the world or you're going to have some
uh very hard times ahead unless your
position is somehow unable to be
fulfilled by the robots by the
automation by the AI that they are
actively spending a lot of money on you
got to understand this we are rapidly
rapidly approaching a different world
okay things are are changing and
understand that the companies are
already going in this they are already
investing in this and so we want to be
on the right side class Central is one
place that you can learn about all these
skills okay there's probably YouTube
videos but most of YouTube is garbage
then you can go to my free compass
course it's just a basic Financial
education program 20 minutes you're done
okay if you can't spend the 20 minutes
you can't there's no there's no hope the
money gps.com
Compass okay and um what would advise
everybody to do is just adapt to these
changes start to learn something new
start to put your money where you you
think is right I talk a lot about that
on the finance Friday and if you want to
get in on that Finance Friday is
available the money gps.com
slive the money gps.com I'll see you
there don't forget to hit that thumbs up
button on the way out to support this
Channel and as always I'll see you next
time take care